Docs: Added clearer NPM import examples in README.md (#6467)
fabricjs/fabric.js: README.md

Fabric.js started as a foundation for design editor on [printio.ru](http://printio.ru) — interactive online store with ability to create your own designs. The idea was to create [Javascript-based editor](http://printio.ru/ringer_man_tees/new), which would make it easy to manipulate vector shapes and images on T-Shirts. Since performance was one of the most critical requirements, we chose canvas over SVG. While SVG is excellent with static shapes, it's not as performant as canvas when it comes to dynamic manipulation of objects (movement, scaling, rotation, etc.). Fabric.js was heavily inspired by [Ernest Delgado's canvas experiment](http://www.ernestdelgado.com/public-tests/canvasphoto/demo/canvas.html). In fact, code from Ernest's experiment was the foundation of an entire framework. Later, Fabric.js grew into a collection of distinct object types and got an SVG-to-canvas parser.

### Installation Instructions

<h3 id="bower-install">Install with bower</h3>

    $ bower install fabric

<h3 id="npm-install">Install with npm</h3>

> Note: If you are using Fabric.js in a Node.js script, you must first manually [install Cairo](http://cairographics.org/download/) on your system. Cairo is a system library which powers node-canvas, which Fabric.js relies on. When the installation is complete, you may need to restart your terminal or command prompt before installing fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you are using Fabric.js in a Node.js script, you will depend from [node-canvas](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas).`node-canvas` is an html canvas replacement that works on top of native libraries.
Please follow the instructions located [here](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas#compiling) in order to get it up and running.
```
